---
title: "Ch10"
---
"I'm not comfortable with the controls. The M-16 could have been adjusted with the thumb. And I want a vertical handle. Just having a vertical handle will make it easier to control the rebound. And the handle doesn’t have a good grip. Make it more comfortable."

She nodded from time to time and quickly wrote it down in her notebook.

"To do everything you said, I’ll have to first replace the barrel cover, handgun handle, handguards, and improve the adjustment."

She was handed the gun and walked out the door again. He followed, too, but she was already behind bulletproof glass.

Only then did Seok-min, who was able to look closely around her seat, turned his eyes, and looked around. Behind her chair were all kinds of machines and parts. Oxygen welding machines, pressors, riveting machines, machine tools, and even CNC machines were there.

‘Hold on, CNC? Where did she get that stuff?’

While he was asking himself, she brought a tape measure.

"Stretch out your right hand."

When Seok-min reached out through a hole in the counter, she measured the length and width of Seok-min's palm.

Seok-min looked at her with a slightly surprised look because it was something he had never heard of.

"Do you measure my hand to make a pistol handle?"

"Of course! Most of the parts here are handmade by me."

She continued her commercial speech, measuring the length of his thumb.

“I can produce any part here. Of course, most of the guns and internal parts inside are brought from the routes I know - ah, don't try to find out - but all the hard-to-find or trivial things are cut with the machines here. You have big hands. They say a man with big hands can handle the rebound of a gun and shoot well."

“Well, I don’t know.”

“And they say it’s big too.”

"What?"

As soon as Seok-min's face distorted, she giggled and already walked toward the shelf.

'That's vulgar.'

While he truly loathed her, she brought a handle to Seok-min's measure.

The surface was smooth, and the width of the thumb and index finger naturally curled and narrowed. Then, as it went down, the width became thicker again, and the middle, ring finger, and possession side were grooves to hold the gun.

"Come on, grab it.”

Seok-min grabbed the gun that the woman handed over.

It was as comfortable as holding a one-handed pistol. The surface looked so smooth that he thought it might slip out of his hand, but the rubber coating on the surface made it unslippery.

"…that's fine."

"Right? Isn't it amazing? I made it.”

She showed the machine in the back with her head tilted.

“It is carved from an aircraft-grade aluminum alloy. This is a big-handed pistol grip.”

"That's great."

Whether Seok-min's sincere words were conveyed properly or not, the woman nodded satisfactorily and made a proud face.

"Then let's move on to the barrel cover, which one do you want?”

"I'm only going to put a vertical handle on it. All I need is a Picatinny rail down there.”

"All right, how about the handle?”

"Something solid. A little long enough to wind my hands."

“Okay, put it down.”

At that moment, Seok-min's cell phone rang. He apologized and picked up the phone.


- Oh, Choi Seok-min? This is Lieutenant Kim Hyun-joo, whom you saw before.


‘Oh, the one with Captain Ah-young.’

"What's going on?"

"If you're going to get a gun, please use Russian bullets, not 5.56 millimeters or 7.62 millimeters of NATO bullets."

"What?"

He raised his voice without realizing it.


-As we said before, we're going to disguise ourselves as Russians, so if you use 5.56mm bullets, you can get caught. So…


“Damn.”

Seok-min closed her cell phone before the lieutenant could even finish speaking, and looked at the woman.

"Excuse me..."


[AK-107]

Durability: 100%

Quality: Top

Ammunition: 5.45×39 mm

Russia, Kalashnikov (Калашников) rifle, pistol grip, control rod, and handguard have been customized. You can feel the touch of a craftsman.


"4 million won."

The woman spoke in a chilly voice and held out her customized AK-107 (5.45MM version) and nine large magazines in front of Seok-min.

Seok-min had no choice but to take out a bundle of cash. It was a bundle of 50,000 won bills.

"Listen."

Following the woman's words, Seok-min picked it up and fixed his gaze on the scope.

"I put a new hook in the middle of the adjustment section so that you can adjust it with your index finger. Hold the handle and move.”

He put his index finger on it. His control interval was also short, so he was already familiar with the method of adjusting the control with his index finger. Thanks to this, the adjustment period was also not very uncomfortable.

He satisfactorily put the AK-107 into the gun carrier.

“And is there a 9x39mm bullet, SP-6?”

"Wait, I've never seen anyone who uses it other than Sang-deok. Do you happen to be Sang-deok’s...… or were you a customer?"

She covered her mouth with her hands and smiled sneeringly. Seok-min clicked his tongue quietly.

'Damn it, then Sang-deok has been buying here and selling to me all this time.'

"How much is it?”

"Wait a minute."

She tapped on the calculator.

“That’s 700 won.”

Seok-min nodded. Sang-deok sold him for 1,000 won, so he bought it cheaper. It's a small thing, but it's in his own interest.

"All right, maybe a thousand rounds.”

"No, 580 rounds per box. Buy one box, or buy two."

"…then, let's buy two boxes."

The woman went inside and she brought a box vacuum-packed with cans.

"You can open it with a lid, but there are ten rounds of paper bags inside.”

"Oh, and look at my VSS."

Seok-min hurriedly took out another gun carrier and handed it to her. It was his Vintorez.

She glanced at the gun, twinkling her eyes.


[VSS, Vintorez]

Durability: 88%

Quality: Moderate

Ammunition: 9×39 mm

Russian-made sniper rifle, it has been used for a long time, so the impact force has slightly increased, but you do not need to worry about it too much.


In fact, this gun was a no-brainer.

He just wanted to check her conscience and ability.

She looked carefully and began to take the gun apart, and soon looked up with curious eyes at him.

"No problem."

"Really?"

"The magazine is bad. Because you didn't clean the silencer, is it possible that the bullets aren't working well?"

He nodded his head.

“Uh, was the magazine a problem? That was a long time ago.”

"Yeah, how about getting a new magazine right now? I have a 30 round magazine.”

At Seok-min's words, the woman suggested in a slightly excited tone as it might have been an opportunity to sell, and Seok-min looked at her with curious eyes.

"30 shots?"

"Yes, 30 shots."

His VSS has 20 shots. With a 30 round magazine, yes, it'll be convenient in combat.

In addition, due to the nature of the bullets of Vintorez, it was clear that it would be good to have a lot of ammunition because it was advantageous at close range.

It was not a common bet to have a large-capacity magazine of a weapon that was obviously difficult to obtain. Seok-min didn't like her words, but he liked her abilities.

"Then give me eight."

Since he only had 8 magazine pockets, 8 was sufficient. He had 9 to be precise, as he of course also needed what he had on his gun.

“Didn’t you order 9 before?”

“One is a 10-round magazine, and I need it to snipe while lying down.”

He bought and packed the magazines and put them in the gun carrier. As Sang-deok said, it was a decent Gunsmith.

'She looks like a vulgar woman, but her skills are certain. I will only come here from now on.’

“Come to think of it, we couldn’t talk to each other.”

After packing all the luggage, Seok-min reached out his hand.

"It's Choi Seok-min. I'll come often."

"It's Hyewon Kim. Are you a killer?"

Seok-min's eyebrows wriggled at the sudden question.

"…why?"

She sat in her chair, lowered her torso, and opened her mouth.

"It's no different, but most of the things I sell while running this store are customized weapons like before. However, the 107 I sold now is new and Russian, so no one buys it because it's expensive. Killing people is killing them with anything, but money is always in need. So they usually buy a gun as cheaply as possible. That's why, when you're carrying out a quest, there are times when you get the other's weapon, right? If you have such a used gun, sell it to me. If it's in good condition, I'll buy it for around 300,000 won, if it's bad, I'll buy it for 100,000 won. I don't care if it's broken, I know how to fix it. Regardless of the type of gun."

"Really?"

He gave a smile of satisfaction. He just happened to have a good idea.


***


Seok-min was smoking a pipe in front of his house, waiting for a truck.

The time he was supposed to meet was 1:00 am, now 1:20 pm, it seemed to be later than expected.

‘Are you thinking of making money or what?’

By the time he thought of calling, a five-ton heavy-duty truck honked and approached him.

When it got closer and lowered the driver's seat window, he saw Yong-min. Seok-min turned the pipe over and threw away the ashes, then walked towards the truck.

"Hey, why are you so late?”

"I have work to do today. Martial law command asked our station to assist in the investigation. There was a gunfight and an explosion near Tancheon, and it was said that it was a warehouse of military supplies, which caused a big explosion and devastated the surrounding area."

Feeling a little guilty at the words, Seok-min decided to just shut up about being late and got in the car.

"Then there's nothing we can do. You know Suwon Lake Park, right? Let's go there."

"So, what's the score?”

"Let's make it eight to two in moderately."

"That's all you can do?"

Seok-min frowned at the words.

"Don't forget, I got you involved in paperwork to get this done quickly. You know we're paying twice as much as the introduction fee, right?”

"…if the rent doesn't even come out."

"Don't worry, it's a lot.”

They drove to a lake park in Suwon, a hideout of Sang-deok that Seok-min had recently finished with. At that time, he remembered the North Korean AK rifles they kept for sale. Seok-min thought there would still be weapons, recalling that it hadn’t been long, and people did not travel around there.

"Is this the place?"

"Yes, make sure the back of the car comes to the entrance. It's a lot."

The truck mercilessly stepped on the dead bodies shot by Seok-min scattered at the entrance and went inside.

"Follow me. There's a lot. We'll have to work on it for about an hour."

He opened the door to the armory when he saw the lock he had picked last time. His prediction was right. Weapons were still in place.

“What is all this?”

Yong-min saw it and murmured, taking off his hat.

"When did you...”

"It's true that they have no owner. Let's move it quickly."

Seok-min stepped forward and first took the rifles out of the gun box and moved them to the car.

There are 10 tablets in each box, so it was approximately 45 kg including the box’s weight.

Besides that, he packed a certain amount of grenades, RPG-7s, and finally 5.45mm bullets. Grenades, bullets, and RPG-7s were not intended to be given to Hye-won, but to be used by him.
