---
title: "Ch9"
---
Not only the shelves but also the walls were made of glass, so Seok-min smiled at her hiding but still visible, pointed a gun, and fired two shots. The bullets accurately flew towards her, but only the window on the display was cracked, and it did not reach the target.

‘It got blocked?’

When Seok-min showed a slight agitation, the woman jumped to her feet. He shot at her again.

"This is bulletproof glass, you son of a bitch!"

The glass wall was also bulletproof.

The woman shouted, reaching out her hand to the hole and shooting. Despite her sloppy posture, the Glock threw up 33 shots, but only bounced to different places. As soon as she tried to straighten up and shoot, Seok-min aimed and shot once.

The bullet he shot hit the gun in her hand. The gun flew far away and rolled around the floor.

“Fuck!”

She used swear words and closed the counter's hole with a bulletproof sliding cover as she clung next to the wall. She successively reached under a shelf, pulling out an MP5K loaded with 100 rounds of ammunition.

Seok-min was stunned to see it. He also hid just under the counter display.

“Damn bitch, do you sell bullets like this to customers?”

The woman giggled back at the words.

"You're not a fucking customer. That card doesn't belong to you, motherfucker. But you're a good shooter, son of a bitch."

"Yes, it's not mine. The kid who gave me the card said he'd introduce a Gunsmith to me with a good face and a killer butt."

"What?"

The woman's expression crumbled.

"I told him not to come except for himself. Sang-deok, what about him?

"Dead."

‘At my hands.’

Seok-min blurted out the last words, pulled out the magazine of his pistol, put a new one in, and finished aiming at the woman.

One thing he was confident about was shooting. He was gonna shoot that damn bitch as soon as she opened the sliding cover.

The woman smirked as she looked at Seok-min. The tips of her plump lips went up to her ears. Perhaps because of her eyeliner, her eyes looked more ferocious, and she looked like a villain in a drama.

She immediately lowered the gun she was aiming at Seok-min.

"Well done, I wanted to kill that pervert one day.”

She went to the counter, sat down in her chair, took a cigarette from her red pack of cigarettes, put it in her mouth, and lit it. But the nervous Seok-min kept aiming at her.

"You can't get through this even if you bring in a whole arsenal. All right, put the gun down."

“Are you saying that after feeding me dozens of bullets?”

"Bastard, look up."

He looked up, and there was one thing that was quite dangerous above the LED lights.

"Claymore."

As soon as he looked forward with a small murmur, there was a trigger in her hand.

"I was trying to kill you? I didn't even try to kill you yet, bastard."

She put down the trigger. Her mouth was very rough, unlike her appearance. The swear words constantly followed the end of the sentence as if it were one body. As Seok-min got a little irritated by her tone, she opened her mouth in a rather soft voice.

“Compared to how it was built, the insulation and sound insulation of this building are excellent, and it’s very strong because it is reinforced concrete. No one will come if that one blows up. I can dispose of your body without anybody even knowing it, but I won't. Because you're not my enemy."

She took another pleasant puff of the cigarette and rubbed it off the leg of the chair she was sitting on. Then she lowered her head slightly.

"I'm sorry. When someone uses that card, I can see the picture and face on my computer, but it was different… I thought it was a robbery, a hitman, or something. Surprisingly, there are a lot of enemies in this field."

"I see."

For some reason, I could understand why Sang-deok introduced this woman to him. He was such a coward until the end.

He decided not to look down on her.

Claymore…

No matter how easy military supplies became, such things were hard to come by. If anything like that gets out, martial law enforcers will never stay still.

The fact that Gyeonggi-do became an area where guns were legalized in the first place was like giving the military the right to self-defense as it became difficult to protect 100% of the civilian population.

"So, what brings you here?"

Seok-min put the pistol in his pocket. Still suspicious, he said, keeping an eye on her.

"My M16A1 is in trouble. I'd like to have it repaired."

"Bring it over."

He pulled out his M16 but didn't expect much. The gun is nearly 40 years old. In addition, thanks to a lot of shots, It was damaged everywhere.

He handed over the gun with a grave look. The woman opened the reinforced glass cover of the counter and pulled the gun out of Seok-min's hand.

‘What is that expression?’

She stared at the gun as if looking at a disgusting bug and quickly disassembled it.

Unlike her reluctant expression, she was very good at decomposing. By the time Seok-min thought she wasn’t a Gunsmith for nothing, she frowned and opened her mouth.

"That's a lot of damage, isn't it? The ball too. It's been a long time since saw a gas tube rusted this much. The product was licensed and produced in Korea, by any chance....”

Her eyes have toned down a lot.

"Did you participate in the Seoul Restoration Operation?”

"Yes."

"I see."

She put the gun down, frowning again.

“I can fix it, but there are so many things to fix, you'd better buy a new one. By the way, I do not handle the Armalite (AR) series. Mostly Russian and German. They’re genuine, so trust me and ask anything.”

Seok-min nodded. He asked, looking at the bullet holes in the glass.

"So, do you have a gun that uses 5.56mm?"

In the case of automatic rifles mainly used in Korea, 5.56mm bullets were usually used. In addition, most of the weapons released to the civilians have the same caliber, so he wanted 5.56mm bullets that were easily available.

"Ordinary bullet or k100 bullet?"

"Let's go with the k100."

The k100 bullet is stronger than the normal bullet, but it was a type that could not be used in the M16A1.

“Do you need a high rate of fire?”

“It would be good to have a high rate of fire.”

He thought for a moment and nodded.

"All right."

She pulled out a gun that looked like an AK rifle. However, after he looked closely, something was very different, and it was the first time Seok-min had ever seen it.

“It’s an AK-108. It was made for export by the Russian kids, and it's equipped with a counterbalance recoil system. Thanks to that, it has a rate of fire of 900 rounds per minute while still having 30% less recoil compared to conventional rifles. It uses 5.56mm. It also has single, 3-point, and burst fire modes. In case you need a dot sight, there's a Russian-made cobra dot sight."

It may be good to have such a thing, but Seok-min was a little skeptical about the dot sight.

Of course, it is a very convenient tool for making guns easier to aim at and showing points at night, but Seok-min, who has good eyes, preferred a scope with magnification. And if possible, he preferred a light ACOG (4x32 scope).

As he spoke of his requirements, the woman gave a look of disapproval.

‘Did I do something wrong?’

“Would you like to use an American sight on this beautiful Russian weapon?”

Seok-min's face was crushed by the words.

‘Could it be that she doesn't handle things like the M-16 because of her taste?’

"What, you don't have one?”

“I don’t deal with that. How about this?"

What she pulled out was a Russian scope.

However, he had already his Vintorez. As soon as he tried to say no, she opened her mouth first.

“It’s a scope called POSP 6x42B. It was imported directly from Belarus. It cost me about 1.5 million won just to import, but I’m giving it away for free.”

"…for free?"

"Yes, for free. I started shooting, I’m sorry, so I have to add something. Better than watching an ACOG run on my gun, well. Don't you care about weight? The magazines in this gun carrier are high-capacity 60 rounds. Are you a hunter?"

Seok-min shook his head at those words.

Hunter refers to a special unit, private military company, or group that specializes in hunting monsters in Seoul.

They entered Seoul as a preventive war and were in charge of dealing with the monsters. Due to the nature of their mission, they tended to use bullets with as much ammunition as possible or use bullets as large as possible.

"I'm not a hunter."

He picked up the scope.


[POSP 6x42B]

Durability: 100%

Quality: Top

The scope made by Zenit-BelOMO, Belarus, is brand new, never used.


The lens quality also looked clean and bright.

After checking the fine scope crosshairs, it was confirmed that the overall condition was good.

He also checked the AK-108 right away.


[AK-108]

Durability: 100%

Quality: Top

Ammunition: 5.56 mm NATO bullets

Rifle made by Kalashnikov (Калашников), Russia. A brand new, never-used rifle.


After inserting the scope in the dedicated rail already attached to the AK-108, he turned the lever to fix it.

It wasn't so bad when he installed it. The corners of Seok-min's mouth went up in satisfaction. The woman who saw it also gave a strange smile as if she was right.

"Can I have a shot?"

"How many shots?"

“How much per magazine?”

She spread out five fingers.

"One hundred thousand won."

Seok-min's face was wrinkled, but his hands were opening the wallet.

"Dirty expensive. Just three magazines."

When she received the money, she nodded.

"Go out and turn right."

As I entered the place where the woman said, I saw the door.

As I entered the door opened by the woman, I saw a long rectangular space.

"Come on, ammo."

The woman gave him three magazines. Then she put on her earplugs, which were lying on her shelf near her.

"If you're thinking of bullshit that involves suicide or gun theft, you better not do it. Well, I don't think you’d do that, but still...”

She also gave him earplugs, and Seok-min responded to her words with only one corner of his mouth raised, then snatched them from her hand.

The woman attached the target and sent it through the rail to the end of the range. He lowered the steering wheel.

‘Do you intend to fire in a burst?’

The woman moistened her lips and grinned as she saw Seok-min aiming.

Soon after, Seok-min fired AK-108 in burst mode.

The woman doubted her own eyes. Seok-min's upper body was not shaken by recoil, and even his gun had no recoil as if he was shooting it on a tripod with a buffer.

‘No matter how much recoil is reduced, that’s a bit…'

"This is good."

While the woman was inwardly surprised, Seok-min pulled out his magazine with a satisfied smile. He really liked the fact that there was less recoil.

He then started shooting at zero points. He used a single magazine to hit zero, and in the meantime, he checked the gun's various shortcomings.


***


The gun was generally good, but if he had to pick a part he didn't like, it was the adjustment.

When he used the M-16, he could simply change the steering wheel with his thumb, but this gun couldn't.

“You want customization?”

When Seok-min was looking at the gun with a little disappointment, she opened her mouth first.

"What do you want me to do?”

She took out her notebook and pressed the button on the pen.

