---
title: "Ch12"
---
[Gate of Seoul Episode 12]


“He is the head of a gun dealer group presumed to be the weapon factory of the Heaven’s Gate Church. Your mission is to pay them a visit and destroy the factory. The other is Kim Sung-tae. If you turn a few pages, you will find his personal information.”

"He must be a Hunter.”

Seok-min quickly turned over the paper, skimmed through it, and murmured. Ah-young nodded in agreement.

"Yes, it's a hunting group of about 30 hunters. These days, hunters do not act alone, but rather work with a hunting group that they command.”

Seok-min's expression frowned slightly.

In fact, he did not want to associate with the Hunters as much as possible.

They were very polite to each other and polite in their words, but it was just the manners of ‘professionals’ with weapons. He was the type of person who pulled out a gun and pulled the trigger without hesitation to the group that went against his own interests.

There were many idiots who took up weapons out of desperation due to lack of money, but there were also many pros, and it was very difficult to deal with and kill them.

And in his view, they were clearly pros among pros.

‘I could do it with a sniper, but that would take a long time.’

Seok-min certainly predicted that the time of this mission would be very tight.

“Can we just deal with this hunter leader? No need to touch the other hunters, right?”

"Yes, but could you do a few more things if possible?"

Seok-min's facial muscles twitched slightly.

“What is it?”

“The funds he has collected are fraudulent and so are his property and the assets of the hunters. If he dies, the Hunters will try to recover his funds. I would like Seok-min to recover the funds on his behalf. Of course, it's not a bank deposit or anything like that, so it's going to be quite difficult to find. Do it if you can, and don't do it if you think it's impossible. I will conform to Seok-min’s judgment to the end.”

Seok-min's expression became softer at the words.

It was a mission that only one person had to deal with, and there was no need to bear any burden because other tasks were not compulsory.

Of course, he couldn't just let it go.

This mission is to evaluate his skills, so it was clear that that was intended to evaluate him.

It wouldn't be a problem if he had a lot of time, but the problem was the end of the mission.

"How long do we have to do this?”

“I want to do it as soon as possible. You must complete 2 missions within at least 1 week. The explosives for the destruction of the weapons factory have already been prepared.”

She pulled out a heavy box from her bag and gave it to him.

“And the President wants us not to make too much noise like last time. We hope that there will be no damage to civilian property or bodies.”

Even a week is short, and with such restrictions in place, Seok-min's expression has gradually hardened.

In other words, guns may not be used in some cases.

“The document I just gave you shows their route and the house they live in. You can refer to it. You can contact me before starting work, and contact me after work is finished. Of course, we’ll take care of any evidence on our own, and you don't have to worry about the police."

"That's the nicest thing I've ever heard."

Seok-min organized the documents and put them in his bag and got up from his seat.

"I'll call you soon."

“Where are you planning to start?”

“I guess I should start with the easiest one.”

He looked around the cafe just before he spoke.

There was no one else in the cafe but them. There was no one to overhear their conversation as only pop music continued to play in the quiet atmosphere.

Seok-min's eyes turned to the part-timer at the cafe.

The part-timer was listening to the music with earphones on, not noticing his gaze.

“First, Kim Sung-tae. Destroying a factory is hard to keep quiet, so please forgive me.”

"Let me talk to the president first. However, a gunfight breaking out in Gyeonggi Province while local police or witnesses are present. Just don’t do something like this."

"Okay, that's possible."

He greeted roughly in silence and left the cafe.


***


It was the night two days later when Seok-min came out of his house with his weapons.

He kept a pistol in his arms, two spare magazines, a silencer, and a dagger hidden inside the arm of his jacket.

Seok-min got on the motorcycle planning to go Kim Sung-tae's place to fulfill the mission, but then got off again.

The first goal, Kim Sung-tae, lived in Suwon. Because he was sure that there would be a lot of snow, and if he rode a motorcycle there, he could not handle the aftermath if CCTV showed his motorcycle’s license plate.

He decided to use a taxi because he didn't know how to get there by public transport such as buses as he had never been to Suwon.

The basic fare was 6,000 won due to high prices, but Seok-min, who has recently been able to afford it, took the taxi without much worry.

The glasses of the car looked very safe, with bulletproof and safety devices in the driver's seat, so he soon took a comfortable position and waited to arrive in Suwon.

However, not long after he left for Suwon, he had more time to think, and complaints began to surface one by one.

They must have already seen a video about himself, and he's completed one of their missions, so what additional missions are needed to verify his skills?

‘Maybe they’re making excuses to give me less money.’

He thought it could be possible because the country had no money.

He ground his teeth for a moment, but then he shook his head, contemplating his original purpose.

‘I've become too angry.’

He folded his arms and closed his eyes.

As Ah-young said, the false messenger was most likely in Seoul.

On the other hand, it seemed similar to a false messenger that people like the cult of ‘Heaven’s Gate’ were talking in the name of the gods. Anyway, the government is trying to fix the Heaven's Gate Church, so he’ll have to investigate it later.

When Seok-min opened his eyes and turned his gaze to the front glass window on the passenger side, at first glance, he could see that the front of his coat was drooping due to the weight of the pistol he had in his inner pocket.

The Mark 23 was certainly a good pistol, but it was too large to carry around.

It will be difficult to carry it in the future.

‘Should I get a new one?’

He was anxious that the taxi driver would notice this, but fortunately, the taxi driver seemed to have no interest in Seok-min as he was absorbed in the current affairs program on the radio and driving.

The road was not blocked, but there were many checkpoints, which took up quite a bit of time. Thanks to this, Seok-min had to spend 30,000 won on taxi fare.

The place he got off the taxi was at the entrance of the apartment complex where Kim Sung-tae lived.

As Seok-min stepped inside, the guards guarding the apartment gave him a suspicious look.

Seok-min naturally moved away as they tried to approach.

Apartment security guards, who tend to make quite some money, always wear bulletproof clothes and carry handguns, so if you create a disturbance, you will be in danger.

As Seok-min moved away from the apartment complex, the guards who were chasing him soon returned.

Seok-min did not give up on entering the apartment complex. This apartment complex had no walls, but instead had a fence made of rosewood.

Most of the tree had already died and had turned brown, but it was still hard and thorny.

But for Seok-min, it wasn't a big problem.

After looking around, Seok-min immediately jumped over the 1.5-meter-high fence, convinced that there were no security or CCTVs around him.

Inside the apartment complex, which seems to have remnants of the peaceful days of old, there were walking paths lined with garden trees, benches with backs everywhere, and even a gazebo made of backwood was visible.

He slumped down on a bench overlooking the four blocks of the apartment building.

The apartment where Kim Sung-tae lived was 610 in the 4th block.

Looking at the windows on the floor, the curtains were closed, so he couldn't see inside, but a faint light leaked out through the cracks.

When he heard footsteps in the distance, Seok-min went to the garden tree behind the bench and hid himself.

There were many tall trees as well as short ones, so there was no chance of being caught.

The sound of footsteps got closer and then moved away again.

Seok-min raised his head and looked at the guard's back.

It was not two people in pairs, but a security guard alone.

Seok-min sat still and glanced at Kim Sung-tae's house, glancing at his wristwatch from time to time.

Exactly 40 minutes later, another guard patrolled in the same direction.

Seok-min thought the patrol interval was very tight.

According to the information given by the government, Kim Sung-tae is a very family-oriented man, so he often comes out to throw away garbage to help with housework when he is at home.

However, it was also said that he was always carrying weapons because he had many rivals and enemies.

He must be a veteran of fighting, so if approached recklessly, he would suffer.


***


Two hours had passed.

Seok-min barely moved, with his body crouched, and continued to stare at Kim Sung-tae's house.

For 2 hours, only 7 people came out of building 4 and entered.

It was natural because it was the time after work.

Security isn't what it used to be, and after work, people don't leave their homes unless it's important.

If Kim Sung-tae didn't come out today, Seok-min was going to wait for him tomorrow and the day after tomorrow.

It was already ten o'clock, and slowly as the lights in the apartments went out, a man came down through the elevator.

The man had a paper box full of miscellaneous scraps.

Seok-min slowly stood up.

It was the guy he saw in the picture.

Seok-min slowly took the pistol out of his arms and plugged in the silencer, and contacted Ah-young on his cell phone.

"Kim Sung-tae, about to start."

He roughly shoved his cell phone into his back pocket, pulled out a balaclava, and covered his face.

Kim Sung-tae was wearing a pistol on his belt as reported.

Without noticing Seok-min, he walked to the garbage dump.

Seok-min got out of hiding and walked along with his right hand holding a pistol behind him. The sounds made by Seok-min's footsteps were very quiet.

The distance between Seok-min and him was about 50 meters.

The tailing didn't take long because the garbage dump was very close.

Seok-min's steps accelerated as he entered the place to throw away the paper.

The guards passed by about 10 minutes ago, so there were no problems for a while.

Soon after, Seok-min, who approached very closely, met his surprised eyes.

Since he had already aimed his pistol and put his finger on his trigger, Kim Sung-tae stiffened and did not move.

"Put your hands up."

At Seok-min's words, the man slowly raised both hands.

"Throw your weapon towards me. Slowly."

Kim Sung-tae looked at Seok-min with very calm eyes, pulled out a pistol from his waist, and threw it towards Seok-min.
