---
title: "Ch13"
---
Seok-min was rather embarrassed by the calm reaction.

"I have a wallet in my pocket.”

Kim Sung-tae said.

He rolled his eyes and looked up and down at Seok-min and saw Seok-min's pistol.

"I think it's about 120,000 won in my wallet. It's..."

Even in the dark, Kim Sung-tae was able to figure out what kind of pistol Seok-min had.

The Mark 23 was not a pistol that a robber could carry.

"I don't need the money in your wallet.”

'Of course... my life is what you’re after?’

Kim Sung-tae sighed inside.

Then, Seok-min remembered what Ah-young said. Seok-min asked a question to Kim Sung-tae, who had a slight resignation on his face.

"Where's your money?"

"Money? What money?"

"You must have saved some money working as a hunter. Give it all away."

Kim Sung-tae asked for understanding, took out his wallet, and took out a check card from there.

"It's all here. It's 450 million won. The password is 4571."

Seok-min took it with his left hand and threw it back.

"Don't lie, I know you don't have money in your bank account. I've never heard of Hunter depositing in a bank."

‘Come on.’

Kim Sung-tae's eyes slightly went down and up at the words.

No matter how costly his life was, he could not give him money that was equal to all his fortune.

"Where are they?"

"I’ll never tell you!"

The sound was too loud.

‘You son of a bitch!’

Seok-min thought he shouted intentionally.

Now that it's been like this, he couldn't be there long. Seok-min thought about kidnapping him just in case, but he judged that it was more likely that things would go wrong with such a loud action.

As soon as he looked around, checking if anyone was looking this way, Sung-tae hit Seok-min's pistol sideways.

He was able to kick it easily because it was wearing a silencer.

Surprised, Seok-min almost pulled the trigger.

He saw Sung-tae's right hand go inside the jacket, so he grabbed his upper arm with his left hand.

Sung-tae looked at Seok-min in surprise as a tremendous force pressed his arm and blocked him from moving.

In the meantime, Seok-min's pistol could move faster than Sungtae's left hand.

Two bullets flew toward Kim Sung-tae's chest.

Kim Sung-tae flinched for a moment, and then he stepped back.

Even though he put the silencer on, the gunfire rang out. Besides, it may be because it is an apartment complex, but the sound spread out louder than usual.

When a gunshot was heard, the people in the apartment complex who had been looking at the situation with their heads out wondering what was going on quickly moved away from the window and turned off the lights inside.

Seok-min predicted that Kim Sung-tae was wearing a bulletproof vest.

Seok-min's prediction was correct, as even though the bullet hit the center of his chest, Kim Sung-tae raised his head and pulled out a small pistol.

Of course, Seok-min's hands were faster than his.

Kim Sung-tae was shot one more time in the middle of his forehead, dying.

There was a loud whistle in the distance.

Seok-min searched Kim Sung-tae's pockets, took out his wallet, took out only the money, and put it in his pocket.

It had to look like murder from robbery.

After roughly sorting out the situation, Seok-min ran with his back to the flashlight.

Gunfire followed Seok-min's footsteps through the loud whistle, but bullets did not hit him.

The guards shouted something, but Seok-min didn't understand.

Seok-min jumped over the fence he came from.

In that state, he ran straight on a road full of alleys, and when he could no longer hear the whistle, he took out his bag and changed his clothes and shoes.

There, he turned his bag inside out, changing its color, and tucked his mask and clothes into it.

After tidying up his clothes, Seok-min went out into the street.

Not long after, loud sirens rang out.

Police cars, ambulances, and military cars passed by Seok-min in a row.

Soon after watching them pass by, Seok-min took out his cell phone.

"Kim Sung-tae is dead.”


- What happened to the funds?


“It was too much.”

There was a hint of an effort to hide the disappointment in the answering voice, but Seok-min could easily notice. His brow furrowed.


-That's it then. Thank you for your efforts. Please take care of the next target.


The call ended like that, and Seok-min called a taxi again.

It may be because of the information given by the government, but things were handled more easily than he thought.

With this much information, they could have handled it, but should they have made him do it?

He doesn't know much about national intelligence or special forces, but he was sure they exist.

‘I don’t even know. No matter how difficult the country’s situation is and how the security has deteriorated a lot, I don’t think the country has become so weak yet.’

Given the labor costs allocated to him, it was clear that the country's finances were not so good.

Seok-min soon shook his head and smiled bitterly.

It was not a concern for someone who wanted to make money from the country's poor security.

Since he lost points due to Kim Sung-tae, he will have to earn a lot of points due to his hard work.

To do that... he may have to push himself a little.

Seok-min closed his eyes thinking.

However, it was not long before he opened his eyes again and looked around.

"Mister, you're not heading to Sungnam, are you?”

The voice was filled with displeasure.

While he closed his eyes for a while, the taxi was heading in the opposite direction to his house.

It was an act that transcended the severity of money at a time when money was so precious that even losing 100 won was a waste.

Seok-min frowned automatically as the face of a taxi driver, who used to look ordinary, looked like a disgusting and disgusting creature.

"Mister, stop. I'll get off."

Seok-min had to endure his desire to pull out a pistol.

He didn't like that mission very much.


***


Ah-young, who entered the body storage room, saw Kim Sung-tae's body, which had been cleanly pierced through his head.

"Two shots in the chest and one shot in the head."

Said the autopsy doctor who performed the autopsy on the body.

“He shot very well.”

The detective, hearing it, frowned, and the autopsy doctor coughed in a mask.

“Once you see the body, you will know, but it is not the work of ordinary people.”

The autopsy once again coughed in vain at the sight of the still-unpretty detective.

"If you look at the dead man's body, the bullet holes in his chest only made bruises, but....”

He pointed to Kim Sung-tae's chest with rubber gloves. As he said, there were two bruises on the chest.

"Exactly two shots in the heart."

He showed the body armor with bullet holes among the deceased's belongings.

"The gap between bullet marks is only two millimeters. Bulletproof suit blocked the bullet, but with two .45 caliber shots at a close range, there wasn’t enough stopping power. He fell back from the impact, and then!"

The autopsy doctor pretended to make his finger look like a pistol and shoot Kim Sung-tae's body in the forehead.

It was not polite to the deceased, so Ah-young frowned.

"Anyway, this guy, he's a pro. It's not a robbery. Did you check his face or description? You can't let this guy be active."

At the doctor's words, the detective shook his head with an uncomfortable face.

"I admit he’s no ordinary man…There are so many CCTVs, but he wasn’t seen in at least one or two."

Now the police had no clue but witnesses. Even witnesses had only seen faintly in the dark, so suspect estimation was almost impossible, and tracking was also difficult.

"There are a lot of robbers who are from the military now….”

The detective shook his head negatively at the autopsy.

"Most of the young Koreans serve as general conscripts, but would a former general soldier shoot a pistol this well? I think the hitman is....”

"Have you seen a hitman take someone else's wallet?”

Ah-young, who was listening, said.

“They say he took the money out of his wallet and then threw his wallet, right? The card was discarded. Isn't that a typical robbery pattern?”

At those words, the detective and the autopsy doctor looked at each other.

“I understand what the military intelligence officer said, but… That doesn’t seem like it.”

The detective said.

“There is not much evidence, but just by examining the body, you can see that the suspect is not an ordinary man. In addition, Kim Sung-tae is a person who has many enemies and competitors while working as a hunter. Enough possibilities to...”

"There are many people from the military who work as hunters, and Kim Sung-tae was one of them, but as far as I know, there is no one who works as a contractor. Most of the Special Forces discharged soldiers are managed by the government, and we can see right away if they did something like this. That's why I'm telling you."

‘So, don't question it because the government is in charge of people from the military special forces?’

After finishing his thoughts, the detective slammed his notebook shut.

He was a police officer full of patriotism and justice, but he wasn't the kind of ardent person shown in dramas or movies.

As a detective's hunch, this seemed suspicious. Something smelled dirty.

However, he was not able to step up to the plate. As a civil servant, he couldn't detect anything higher.

The best resistance he could make was just to glare at Ah-young, and Ah-young calmly let the detective's eyes slide.

"I see. Then, this should turn into a robbery.”

The doctor noticed something strange and looked at the two of them alternately.

"Then I'll be on my way."

After the detective and autopsy doctor left, Ah-young looked at the body again.

'You're very good at this.’

She thought so when she saw the gunshot wounds from Kim Sung-tae's body. He was better at shooting than anyone else.

"But even if you're good, I think the president thinks differently.’

A wrinkle formed on Ah-young's forehead when she thought of that.

As Seok-min expected, stealing Kim Sung-tae's property was a kind of additional test.

At the same time, it was trying to cut off the flow of funds to Heaven’s Gate church, and at the same time, to resupply even a little the tight national budget.

"Is it because you tried to catch three rabbits at once?’

Ah-young sighed.

In the first place, while giving one person a task, he adds several things, is there any way to do that?

‘Seok-min doesn’t know the truth.’

She only sighed because the situation was so bad that she trembled even though the country spent only millions or tens of millions of won.

This was a mission that showed the government's need, and a president without a budget would surely be greatly disappointed. In addition, Seok-min's score would have been greatly reduced.

A few minutes earlier, when Ah-young reported to the president, he seemed to let out a long sigh through his nose, and his expectations were clear.

The president still did not fully trust Seok-min's skills. In general, the president will not hire Seok-min if he only appears to be competent.

‘He’ll have to score points with Won Sung-han, but will he be able to succeed?’

Normal success will not impress the president

Seok-min is expected to work harder, but on the other hand, she wondered if Seok-min could do it properly.

Furthermore, it seemed to her that Won Sung-han's work would be quite difficult.

'You must have something in mind.’

She thought so and covered Kim Sung-tae's body with a cloth.

***

Want to know what happened next? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop for advanced chapters~! I'll post 1 chap in 24hrs for every 6$!!! \(@^0^@)/
https://ko-fi.com/homia