---
title: "Ch14"
---
Five days later, around 5 p.m. Seok-min left the house again.

This time, he packed his quietly shooting rifle (VSS).

The gun factory was in Seongnam, so there was no need to go far this time.

He dressed up in a military jacket and packed a motorcycle helmet.

Seok-min, who confirmed that he was roughly ready, got on the motorcycle and started the engine.

Explosives given by Ayoung were in the side trunk of the motorcycle.

The factory was located in the basement of a building near Pangyo Station, and Won Seong-han was wealthy enough to own the building.

According to the information given by the government, despite the donation to the church reaching tens of millions of won per week, he had no qualms about spending it, and was an ardent believer who gave some of the profits from the building to the church.

In addition, he had a very good reputation by selling some of the compartments of his buildings to those who became poor due to the crisis at a low price, donating them, and providing free meals.

However, even though it looked like that, it was clear that he was a fanatic and a villain making illegal weapons.

The government has already tried to catch him in a legitimate way, such as cracking down on him several times, but there was no conclusive evidence, only circumstantial evidence.

Perhaps the impure forces in the judiciary and some parts of the administration are protecting his back, and the president is said to be very angry because of that.

In any case, in order to succeed properly, Seok-min carefully examined the map, checked the surrounding roads, CCTVs, and nearby police stations.

Of course, if he checked too often, he could get caught by the police officers, so Seok-min spent time at a cafe that was not well reflected on nearby CCTV and collected various information.

The building of Won Seong-han, or to be more precise, the underground factory, had strict security, and there were only two entrances and exits, so it was perfect for getting caught if you made a mistake.

All the doors and glass were equipped with automatic locking devices, and when entering the underground factory, employees had to scan their security card or go through a full-body check like a security checkpoint at an airport to pass through the door. With that in mind, going through the door seemed like nothing to worry about as long as there was a security card.

Ah-young provided drawings of the building so that Seok-min could easily infiltrate, which allowed him to identify the inside of the building.

It was not known how many people were there, but it was determined that there were two people at the entrance and one in the security room and that there must be one more inside.

If he cut off the internal phone line or the Internet, he could work safely, but the moment he cut it, the entire building would be affected, and there was a high possibility of being caught, so he decided to give up.

After all the preparations, Seok-min picked up his cell phone and called Ayoung.


-Don't overdo it.


What's wrong with her all of a sudden?

Seok-min took his phone off his ear for a while and stared at it before opening his mouth.

"…I won’t."

As soon as Seok-min closed his cell phone, Ah-young stared down at her smartphone and saw the entrance to Won Sung-han's building through the window of the cafe where she was sitting.

Sooner or later, Seok-min will appear there.

She tried not to pay attention to him, but for this mission, the president's trust in him and the quests surrounding him and herself were intertwined, so she could not ignore that.

She didn't think he was going to die.

‘Because he and I are the chosen ones.’ Ayoung muttered inwardly.

While she sat in a cafe sipping coffee and anxiously waiting for Seok-min, Seok-min was filled with confidence in his mission.

He judged that he could succeed beyond simply completing his mission.

According to the information, his original property is not stored in the bank like Kim Sung-tae’s, but stored in cash, so he could make up for what happened during Kim Sung-tae if he secured the money.

Seok-min, who parked his motorcycle near Pangyo Station, coughed and looked around.

Although it was close to Seoul, it was hardly damaged by monsters, so it retains the glorious days of the past.

Although few people were seen on the streets and there were not many cars passing by, each building glistened with bright lights.

Security was very good because there were many military units and temporary police stations nearby, and there were soldiers and police patrolling the streets every hour, with many CCTVs installed everywhere.

Seok-min crossed the road and walked towards the underground of the building.

He carried the VSS disguised in his bag over his shoulder, pulled out a dark blue cap he had tucked into his pocket, pressed it on tightly, and entered the building.

As expected, the glass at the entrance was opaque bulletproof glass. Therefore, it was hard to see inside from outside, and instead, he could notice that the soundproofing was good.

As soon as the door closed, the sound from outside was cut off.

When Seok-min, who appeared to be an outsider, entered the entrance to the underground site after 8 o'clock, a guard on duty looked at Seok-min with suspicious eyes.

Seok-min walked confidently and quickly looked around.

One at the security checkpoint and one at the on-call counter.

"What brings you here?"

"Are you the boss? I'm from Yale Firearms. I’m here for work...”

Even though Seok-min, who came near the guard, put both hands on the counter, the guard still remained suspicious.

"…can you hold on a second? The boss is here."

Then the security guard understood the phone was ringing and picked up the call.

"Really?"

Seok-min unzipped the bag. The newly refurbished silently-shooting gun was revealed.

Feeling strange about the answer heard through the phone, the guard’s face turned close to astonishment as soon as he looked up, and the guard at the security checkpoint was shocked and stiffened like ice.

"OMG, Jen…”

Seok-min shot two rounds in the chest before the guard even took out the pistol, and then shot two rounds at the security guard in front of the security checkpoint, who couldn't even take it out because of the safety device.

The guards, who were shot, trembled like they were having a seizure and soon collapsed.

Seok-min crossed the counter and pulled out a security card hung on one guard's neck and passed the security checkpoint.

The red light turned on from the metal detector and a loud noise resounded, but Seok-min seemed not to pay much attention to it, went to the guard room located on the right side of the stairs going down to the factory and swiped the security card on the card reader.

When the door opened, he saw a guard scurrying with an extension phone. Seok-min held up the gun with an expressionless face and neutralized him with one shot.

Fortunately, it seemed that the guard had been dealt with before he even managed to call.

He smashed a CCTV-connected computer and pulled a few triggers on the hard disk.

After confirming that the hard drive was smashed and the CD-ROMs were all smashed, Seok-min dragged the dead guard's body to the corner of the guard room, threw it away, and put the bodies outside into the guard room.

A long trail of blood continued along the path where the body was dragged.

It would be better to erase the traces, but he was alone and didn't have enough time to complete the mission.

Eventually, he decided to use a different method.

Locked the entrance and turned off the lights in the lobby. If you look at this, you'll misunderstand that the factory's door is closed.

Although it was uncomfortable because it was not the perfect camouflage, Seok-min organized his thoughts and went down the stairs.

The factory was constructed with two basement floors.

Perhaps because it was past rush hour, the underground corridor was quiet and all the machine tools were stopped.

But somewhere, he heard a voice that sounded like a prayer or singing.

Seok-min moved toward the ammunition depot.

This place not only produces guns, but also produces bullets suitable for them, so if a bomb is installed there, the entire factory will be destroyed by the explosion.

The ammunition depot was close to the factory facilities and had an electronic lock.

Seok-min stamped his security card onto the lock.

The door unlocked with a beep.

Seok-min put his hand on the doorknob, hesitant to open it.

This is because the electronic sensor on the door was visible. The moment you open the door, the alarm will sound.

He's seen such devices before when he was in the military, and it was clear that he would be caught if he just pulled the door because the sensor equipment was usually attached inside.

'I can do it since I've done it before.'

He took the bomb out of his pockets and walked away, leaving it at the door.

He was unstoppable because he had already memorized its structure. Seok-min took off his jacket and stuffed it roughly into the back of his bag, because of the heat which was raised by tension and a little excitement.

The president's office was on the second basement floor. As he went down the stairs, the sound of strange words that he couldn't tell whether it was a prayer or a song grew louder and louder.

Hearing the voices, it looked like dozens or hundreds of people were singing.

He naturally went to the place where the sound came from.

As he got closer, it became clearer and clearer that it was a song, but it was hard to understand the lyrics because of the sniffling, crying, sobbing, and dad singing.

Seok-min leaned close to the door.

Perhaps the song was ending, he could only hear the last lyrics clearly.


-…worship, in the future we will be saved and will rest in heaven, and angels will guide us.


Seok-min quietly opened the door and looked inside. He could see a man standing on the podium and a number of believers who were sitting on the spacious floor with cushions laid out praying and crying.

The man was full of resentment.

Seok-min's eyes narrowed naturally as he looked at the man's face.

There was a statue behind the podium, and the image of an angel was surrounded by the cross as if it were guarding it, and the pattern of the sun was strongly engraved as if it were emitting light from behind the cross. The flashing sun seemed to be plastered with gold.

Standing in front of the shining icon, Won Seong-han seemed to have a halo, and he seemed to be a great religious leader.

He was wearing a tailored suit that fit his body and a gold watch, while the clothes of the weeping believers sitting on the floor were ragged.

When the song ended, he stood on the podium and watched the choir of faithful believers.

"The Lord spoke to us yesterday."

His voice was serious and heavy. With his voice, the cries of the believers also subsided.

"That day is not far away. Everything will be decided within a year."

His voice rang out in the quiet room.

At those words, there were sighs of relief and exclaims of admiration.

"Really, you've been waiting a long time. Dear brothers and sisters in suffering, discrimination, and poverty, the long-awaited moment is near. The day is not far away, so everyone should stay strong. The crusaders need…”

Seok-min closed the door.

After a brief inspection, there were two entrances to the chapel.

***

Want to know what happened next? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop for advanced chapters~! Also, I'll post 1 chap in 24hrs for every 6$!!! ( •̀ ω •́ )✧
https://ko-fi.com/homia