---
title: "Ch11"
---
It was a pity that he couldn't use 5.56mm bullets, but he thought it was not bad in the end. That's because he could use that much ammunition for free.

‘And I can cut down on the expenses I need to buy a gun.’

“It's about 300,000 won per box. With these 10 boxes, it’s 3 million won. And 20 percent, 600,000 won, drops to me.”

"It's easy to make money, isn't it?"

"No, not really."

The weight of the luggage was quite heavy for Yong-min who entered middle age. Thanks to that, the way he moved things was pathetic. In the end, he only moved about 40 boxes, and all the rest had to be moved by Seok-min.

About two hours later, they moved a total of 120 firearms, 41 RPK-74 machine guns, one of which was taken by Seok-min for use in case of emergency-, 1 RPG-7, 50 warheads, and 7,500 5.45mm rounds. In addition, Seok-min personally took 6 75-round magazines for the RPK-74.

"Why do you pack so many bullets?"

"It's free, so you have to take as much as you can."

When the work was done, they covered the cargo with a large tarpaulin and wrapped it with ropes. It was because if others found out that it was carrying a large amount of armaments, something very unpleasant might happen.

"All right, then you drive now."

"Me?"

"Then should I drive?"

Seok-min sat at the steering wheel.

From then on, Yong-min's abilities shone. When they arrived at the checkpoint, Yong-min showed his police ID, the soldier glanced at it, and then nodded his head and let them through without checking or searching.

‘It’s convenient to be a police officer.’

Shortly after passing the second checkpoint easily, Yong-min looked at Seok-min triumphantly. Seok-min nodded his head with a satisfied expression. Thanks to that, there was absolutely no chance of the weapon being caught.

Seok-min then moved the bullets, RPG-7, and machine guns to his home.

"I’ll go sell everything. See you later."

"In my bar, right?"

"That's right."

As soon as he split up with Yong-min, he drove to Hye-won's building.

When the truck stopped, people rushed out of the hardware store, convenience store, and Chinese restaurant on the first floor of the building.

As the six, strong men approached, Seok-min quickly put his hand in his pocket. In front of them, he took out a pistol and put a silencer on it as a warning, but the man just raised his hand and approached Seok-min unarmed without a change in expression.

"We’re from Hye-won. Go up there."

It turned out that the building itself belonged to her, and the owner of a Chinese restaurant, hardware store, and convenience store was her.

'She's richer than I thought.’

Seok-min got off the truck and went into the building.

She was sitting behind a counter and bulletproof glass in a well-organized gunshop.

“You came sooner than I thought, and brought a lot.”

"It's a chance to make money, kick it."

She twinkled and smiled at the words.

When the phone rang, she just picked up the phone and put it to her ear, but she didn't answer and hung up soon.

“120 boxes of general guns, and 40 RPK-74s, not bad. The guns are said to be brand new, so I will give you 300,000 won per one.”

"Are the RPKs at the same price?"

“That’s 50,000 won more and I’ll give you 350,000 won. Let's see.”

She tapped on the calculator.

“120 boxes for 300,000 won, 36 million won, 40 tablets for 350,000 won, 14 million won. 50 million won in total. I love that it fits so well.”

She went inside and came out with an envelope that seemed to contain a bundle of money and pushed it toward Seok-min.

"Well, that's about right.”

"You don’t have to count."

He just put the envelope in the bag.

She looked as if she had something to say, but she soon smiled softly as she pulled out her cigarette and lit it.

"Please come here more often. Make up for the loss."

"What’s the loss? You're going to sell it more expensive with a little touch. For example, if you deceive a North Korean-made Baekdusan pistol as a genuine Czech cz75."

The words came from his experience, but Hye-won's face suddenly hardened at those words.

“Do I look like trash doing that?!”

She quickly had a Claymore trigger in her hand.

“Wow, calm down.”

Seok-min was so excited he made money that he had a slip of the tongue.

"I'm sorry. That's why I killed Sang-deok."

“Hmm, is it? That bastard went all the way.”

Perhaps the words eased her anger a little, Hye-won crossed her legs and puffed out cigarette smoke.

"Anyway, it's going to take at least a year to make up for the losses we've seen. So come and buy more bullets, you damn customer.”

She rubbed her cigarette out of the chair again, rose from her seat, and reached out over the hole.

"See you more often in the future."

This time, Seok-min accepted her handshake without any doubt.


***


"…he did a very good job."

After completing the interim report, Captain Ah-young finished the presentation by turning on the lights in the conference room.

This time there were no other people, only the president and Captain Ah-young.

"You can trust his skills."

However, the president didn't seem to agree 100% with Captain Ah Young's words yet.

“I admit his skills, but we have to see if he can carry out the mission alone, as the nature of the plan we are going to do is for one person.”

Ah-young nodded at the president's words.

“Would you like to give a new mission?”

“Recently, it is said that the ‘Gate of Heaven’ church is hiring a large number of people called Hunters, and it seems that they are now raising funds through Dragon Heart as well as donations.

With that said, Ah-young took out some papers.

“Currently, there are about 10 hunters identified by the government. There may be more, but the numbers are as follows. How about dealing with some of these?”

"It's a good idea, but I'm against a large-scale shootout in Gyeonggi Province. What happened in Tancheon was bigger than I thought. There were a lot of things, such as breaking windows of the buildings in nearby private houses."

"Then why don't you destroy one of the church's facilities with a key figure?"

"One facility?"

"That's right. Although we do not know the details, it is a machine tool factory run by an elder of the church called Won Seong-han, and although it is presumed to make illegal weapons according to information, it is working very carefully so that it has never been caught in a crackdown. It would be better to get rid of them.”

“No, you mean you can’t catch it even if you openly monitor it?”

“It is officially a factory that produces guns. It is a legally established company and its main business is to make shotguns that the people use for self-defense.”

They were longer than standard shotguns because they were solely for self-defense and were intended for civilian use.

No, they had to be long. That way, it's hard to hide them in your arms.

"Officially, we only make strong-wire shotguns, but the NIS suspects that they are making strong-line slugs, and some of the illegal weapons seized actually did. In addition, slug bullets reinforced with steel were also found. With it, it can penetrate body armor used by the military within 150 meters.”


Although there have been many requests for the use of enhanced slugs, because slugs in official circulation could not easily eliminate monsters, the government has still banned the use of them for the safety of soldiers and police trying to stabilize crime rates and maintain security in Gyeonggi Province.

"We'll have to get rid of it. What kind of person would you pick up as the main target?"

"Most hunters are quite the same, but there's only one main target."

Ah-young went through the documents and took out a piece of paper.

"Name, Kim Sung-tae, 33 years old. A former Special Forces sergeant who is clearly employed by the church."

"Is he a believer?"

"No, he is a man who works for money as thoroughly as Choi Seok-min, who we are trying to recruit. The number of hunters working under him is over 30, and since he manages all the money and pays the hunters a profit or salary, we believe that if we deal with him, the 30 hunter organization will collapse."

“You mean just hitting the head is boring, right? Alright, let's do it that way. A 30 people group is going to be really big. Then let him do it. Can you do it in a few days?”

"The importance of mission is high, so I'll do it as soon as possible. However, since there are two missions, Choi Seok-min's labor cost....”

Ah-young hesitated to the point of being rude without realizing it.

Now the country's budget is very tight. As a result, the legislature had a tight budget, and the administration was always short of money because there was a lot of military spending.

Usually, the president's financial situation wasn’t so bad that he was afraid to spend only 1 million won or 2 million won.

As much as she knew it, Ah-young was worried that the president would be reluctant to spend at all, but fortunately, her idea was nothing but groundless.

“For now, don’t spare the money. He hasn't been hired yet, but if he does, he'll be a very useful person."

At the president's words, Ah-young breathed a sigh of relief and nodded.

"Yes, sir."

Soon, however, Ah-young noticed that although the president was trying to hide it, his voice trembled more than usual.

"Is there anything else?"

"There is not."

“Okay, then let’s get started.”

"Yes."

As expected, it will inevitably be a pity.

Now that the country is in trouble, she knows how much the president is trying to save the country's money.

All the more aware, she turned a blind eye to avoid making the president uncomfortable.


***


It was after two days that Ah-young called Seok-min.

Seok-min could see her at the cafe that they had planned to meet at in advance.

They looked at each other with more trusting expressions than before.

When Seok-min said wanted to pay, Ah-young was surprised. Still, she gladly ordered a cafe latte, and Seok-min ordered an espresso.

There was silence for a while before the coffee was served.

When A-young, who took a sip of coffee, looked up, Seok-min was drinking espresso with one sugar cube.

Without even a few simple words, she immediately got down to business.

“If there are no jobs currently, the upper management wants Seok-min to add two more missions. These must be done by Seok-min himself.”

Immediately after speaking, Ah-young seemed to be on the lookout for whether she would offend Seok-min. However, Seok-min accepted her request easily, contrary to her expectations.

Ah-young was surprised, though she didn't show it on her face.

“I guess you’d like to know how my skills are on my own.”

She felt that Seok-min's voice had become much softer than when she first met him, and she thought that he might be a softer man than she had thought.

"So, who’s your target? You said there are two, right?

"Yes, one is a full-fledged Iranian."

Ah-young took out the file and handed it over to him.