---
title: "Ch5"
---

The next morning at 9 a.m., a cafe near Seongnam City Hall.

As soon as Seok-min entered the cafe, a man that stood out jumped out of his seat.

"The client?"

"That's right."

Perhaps nervous, the man coughed and asked Seok-min to shake hands. Seok-min stared at the man's hand in front of him for a moment and responded.

"So this is how we meet….”

“Give me the advance payment first.”

At that, the man turned his head for a moment and looked behind him. A woman was there, hidden by the man's body. She had a chubby face, slightly tanned skin, white sneakers, jeans, and a leather jacket. Her brown hair was tied up while her eyes were covered by sunglasses.

Seok-min was convinced that this woman was the superior of the previous man.

Although she was wearing plain clothes, she looked like a soldier, given her toned body from training and exercise and serious atmosphere. Seok-min's eyes narrowed.

'She's the sniper.’

The woman quickly nodded her head, and the man took out a check. Seok-min took the check, checked the amount, and immediately put it in his pocket.

"Let's get down to business."

"Yes, that way."

Seok-min sat across the woman following the man's guidance, while the man sat between them.

“Would you like a cup of coffee?”

When the man waved his hand, the waiter brought coffee. It was a cold Americano. Shortly after the employee disappeared, the man took out a map.

"This is where we're going to take care of it. It's near Tancheon. This is a newly constructed warehouse after the incident. It used to be a military warehouse, but now it’s in their hands. There are four 25-ton containers in here."

"Is this all we need to eliminate?”

The man didn't answer right away, but after sipping his Americano for a while.

"Yes, we will prepare the explosives."

"Do we need to remove all the guards? Depending on the situation...”

The man waved his hands quickly.

“No, it is better to remove them all. It isn’t difficult to handle one or two people, as there are two people guarding each room and four people patrolling near the warehouse.”

"Is this room the security guard's quarters?"

"That's right."

He was a little perplexed. Four people patrol around the building at all times, and there are two guards at the guard's quarters right next door and in the warehouse. It would be convenient to remove all of them as he said.

“Our snipers will be stationed here.”

He pointed to a grassland hill about 150 meters from the warehouse. It had a perfect view of the warehouse entrance.

"The sniper will cover you while you take care of the guards on patrol, the people inside, and set up the explosives."

"All right."

Seok-min nodded, picked up the coffee, struggled for a moment, then put it down. He felt something strange. When he turned his head, he saw a woman staring at him, even though her eyes were covered with sunglasses.

'I'm glad I didn't drink the coffee…'

“There is no need to doubt us, Choi Seok-min.”

Seok-min glared at her and naturally put his hand in the right pocket. Knowing his name, as expected, these were people from the government.

‘Besides, they already know pretty much everything about me.’

“Hold the pistol in your pocket until you feel relieved.”

Then she stretched out her hand, and Seok-min frowned involuntarily.

However, her hand slipped past him and headed for the glass of iced Americano, lifted it up, and took a sip of coffee through a straw.

"See? It’s all right.”

Then the glass was placed in front of him again, but Seok-min, still unable to dispel his doubts, threw the straw away.

"My name is Ah-young. Captain Ah-young, to be exact. I want to talk a little more, can I go upstairs with you?”

"If you have something to say, say it here."

"Senior, step aside for a second.”

"All right."

The man, no, the second lieutenant went upstairs with his Americano. Ah-young watched him go up, then took off the sunglasses and flipped her bangs back slightly.

When her veiled eyes were exposed, her beauty stood out instead of her stiff look. Dark double eyelids were visible under her round forehead. There was a small dot on the right under her deep-looking eyes, which made her look even more attractive.

“As you know, I will cover you as a sniper. I am also the one who recommended you for this job.”

At that, Seok-min's eyebrows trembled slightly. For a moment, his thoughts became complicated, and he couldn't open his mouth right away.

"…why did you choose me?"

She didn't answer right away but crossed her legs.

"The drone that Choi Seok-min shot with a pistol 10 days ago belonged to our government. Thanks to you, I happened to see your performance.”

‘Hell, that's what it was.’

Seok-min was swearing inside, but he didn't show it outwardly. And that wasn't enough to satisfy his doubts.

“You only have that?”

She nodded her head.

“I want you to devote your abilities to the country.”

He snorted involuntarily. What kind of bullshit is this devotion?

“Devotion? Isn't this the only request? Or are you going to hire me as a government solver?”

At that, Ah-young shook her head.

"That doesn't sound very nice, so let's call it an agent. In conclusion, yes, that's right. We're scouting you right now. Of course, all you have to do is clean up instead of the government. Don't make that face. It's no use if you refuse."

She added quickly before Seok-min's expression became more distorted.

“Please listen to me for a moment. Straightforward, we need you. Seok-Min Choi, our country is in a very powerless state not only to the cult of the Gates of Heaven, a pseudo-religion that advocates an apocalypse after the catastrophe six years ago, the monsters that have nested in Seoul, and the corporations, organizations, and countries that are currently reaching out to Korea. After the great disaster, our country lost its power. We can’t always keep an eye on them, however, it's too much of a hassle to get rid of them legally."

Seok-min nodded as if he knew it all.

"That's why you need someone like me because I have nothing to do with the government."

"Yes, that's right."

His eyes narrowed.

"And that also means that if I'm in danger, I can't hope for your help at all."

Ah-young didn't answer. It was a silent affirmation. Yeah, it's always been like that.

"What's the pay?"

“I will give you a basic salary. At 6 million per month, we will give you a bonus for each mission you complete.”

Seok-min tried not to show it, but for a basic salary, the salary was very good. In addition, it was the most attractive commission fee he had ever done, as he was given a bonus every time he carried out his mission.

It wasn’t known how much it will be increased, but it was expected to be a large amount, as he had to handle the dirty work of the government. However, it also was a difficult and dangerous task.

“Should I work with someone other than this one?”

"Do I have to work with someone other than you?"

“No, only I will be with you. I am the initiator of this matter. Think of it as a liaison officer.”

'That means, you're watching me.’

He opened his mouth again after a sip of coffee.

"I think it's as dangerous as it's expensive, but I just don't understand why you're choosing me for something like that. Besides, I've never had any special training. And yet you think I'm the right person to do the job?"

At that, Ah-young smiled. It was as if she was waiting for the question.

“There is no one qualified to work with me but you.”

"Why?"

"Because…"

The moment she tried to open her mouth, she suddenly heard the sound of the broadcast. It was a broadcast that appeared throughout Seongnam City, not only around the cafe.


- People, this is the Warning Control Center of the Martial Law Command. We’re issuing an actual monster alert. At this time, a monster warning is issued for all parts of Gyeonggi-


The siren sounded very loudly. At the same time, the second lieutenant on the second floor came down.

“Captain, we need to go underground.”

"Let's evacuate for now."

After the catastrophe, it was essential to prepare evacuation facilities underground in all buildings, including the Gyeonggi-do area, in case of an emergency.

As soon as the employee opened the basement door with a key, the lieutenant and Ah-young went down inside, but Seok-min did not.

He ran towards the cafe window and looked up at the sky. Tracers of anti-aircraft guns lit the sky. Even if several missiles had already been fired, white smoke with sparks left a trail like a wake cloud.

At that time, as the missile landed, a flash of light occurred, and the appearance of a flying dragon appeared and disappeared from the flash repeatedly. It was roughly the size of a small civilian aircraft.

A reptile-specific scream was heard through the siren.

“What are you doing? First time seeing a monster? Aren't you coming down?"

The boss, who was guarding the counter, was restless and shouted nervously, and Seok-min finally went down to the basement.

After confirming that they were all down, the boss came down inside with a store cash counter.

"These days, there are a lot of people who steal money during an evacuation."

He scratched the back of his head as he met eyes with the others.

‘I didn't hear the answer.’


***


The sunset of the same day.

In Gyeonggi-do and Seoul, the sky was not visible due to the clouds, but the western sky was still dimly colored red. In fact, this was very uncommon. It was because the clouds were usually so thick that people couldn't even see the sunset.

Seok-min stared blankly at the sky, biting the pipe. He was already armed and was wearing his titanium helmet with the visor up.

‘How long has it been since I saw a red light in the sky? Come to think of it, how long have I lived without seeing the sun and the moon?’

“It’s just like back then.”

Thinking of old times, his face became a little lonely. Not long after he finished his pipe, he hummed for a while and started singing with a gloomy and mournful voice.

"Their limbs haven't been torn off yet,

And the monsters haven't been shot and killed.

They go up along the road,

To Seoul, to give support,

They are neither young nor old.

But their destiny is already decided.”


Seok-min's song echoed behind the reddish background. This is not a song for a hero who is dying for his country.

‘It's just this song…’

Seok-min's eyes closed. The song continued in his mouth.

“…Spattered and drunk with blood,

Howl, like a wolf!

My dear country,

What have you done for me?

In the hot ruins....”

“Family pictures hanging on the walls are burned.”

When he opened his eyes, he found the person who had intercepted his singing.

It was Ah-young.

She was wearing a face mask and a spotted ghillie-suit tog. Naturally, she sat down next to Seok-min.

Seok-min looked at her with an annoyed face for stopping his singing.

“Mourning is a song written by Koreans from Russia who survived the 2nd Seoul Restoration Operation. As you know, it was hell during the Seoul Restoration Operation. Not many people survived.”

“Looks like you were there too.”

Seok-min replied bluntly to her, who spoke casually, unaffected by her glare.

"Yes, I fought with the U.S. troops in Gangnam-gu. Choi Seok-min was also participating in Nowon and Jungnang-gu, right? With the Russians?"

Seok-min nodded his head without answering. To be exact, he was the guide of Russia's leading reconnaissance team.

“Still, don’t openly sing banned songs.”

The song "Mourning" was currently banned because of the lyrics criticizing the country and the government.

