---
title: "Ch15"
---
There was a door right next to the platform, and it was probably a believer exclusive entrance.

Seok-min took a step toward it.

He thought for a moment whether he could just shoot and clean up, but decided that he shouldn't shoot casually because there were more followers than the number of bullets he had and it was difficult to predict how they would behave.

Won Sung-han's sermon was not that long.

"…I hope you all participate in the event in Sungnam. Now let's all pray."

They began to pray, saying, 'Oh, Lord.' Their prayers were just like praying in dialects, closing their eyes, and reciting their wishes.

However, the scene of the chorus, slowly falling into a trance, uttering grotesque noises, was so bizarre that it gave him goosebumps.

Seok-min also had no choice but to be affected while watching the scene.

Usually, he tried to be as calm and hide his feelings as possible when proceeding with the requests, but it was hard for him to hide his hateful feelings in these scenes.

Seok-min was so attentive as they prayed wrathfully, pounding the podium with their fists at regular intervals.

Because many believers were praying, the sound of prayer was very loud, and the sound of Won Sung-han hitting the podium with his fists was also very powerful, so he thought the sound of the pistol could be covered up.

His silenced sniper rifle was also rather quiet for a gun, but not as quiet as a pistol with a silencer.

Seok-min, who was listening to the prayer for a while, finally decided to proceed with the work, opened the door a little more, and aimed at Won Sung-han’s temple with a pistol.

Immersed in the song, he pulled the trigger as soon as they hit their fists again.

Won Sung-han, who had been shot in the temple, dropped his head helplessly in the opposite direction from which the bullet had flown.

As the podium was large and there were many places covered with pots, the believers who were absorbed in prayer did not immediately notice that he had fallen.

Seok-min walked away without closing the door, trying to quieten his footsteps as much as possible. As he left, he also pressed the button on the fire hydrant.

At the same time as the fire alarm rang loudly, Seok-min's footsteps accelerated.

Seok-min broke through the passage, opened a door with the security card, and went inside.

It was the president's office. He was afraid the door wouldn't open, but fortunately, the security master key seemed to open everywhere.

He took the lid off the power breaker in the president's office and unloaded all of them.

While praying at the sound of the alarm, the believers looked around with doubtful expressions, and as soon as all the lights went out, they screamed in surprise and moved to get out.

In the meantime, Seok-min whistled low as he saw the safe that was tucked away in the corner of the president's office.

He pulled a small pebble-sized bomb out of his bag. It was so small that the timer and the detonator looked bigger than the peony.

After attaching a bomb to the safe's lock and setting the timer to 20 seconds, he went out of the president's office.

The hallway was a complete mess.

Even the lights indicating the emergency exit when there was any problem did not turn on, so the inside of the hallway was completely dark.

In that state, people bumped into each other and fell and screamed to get out, as if it was hell.

In the midst of it, Seok-min felt once again how great his stats were.

And as soon as that thought was over, there was a small explosion and flash in the president's office. Thanks to that, people screamed even louder.

With the explosion, smoke that was thicker than darkness erupted through the cracks in the boss's room as if there was a fire somewhere, and people's fear doubled.

Whatever people were doing, Seok-min just opened the door to the president's office and went inside.

The explosion ignited documents and books around the safe, raising large and small lights and smoke everywhere.

Seok-min coughed low and opened the safe door.

Even in the dark, a bundle of golden bills unique to 50,000 won bills sparkled under the light.

It was a cash bundle that was more precious than a gold bar these days.

A smile appeared on Seok-min's face.

It was 5 million won per bundle, and they were all piled up in the safe.

‘How great would it be if I could take all of this?’

Seeing the money in the safe, he sighed inwardly, but it was too much to take it all.

With the desire to take most of it, Seok-min put as many bundles of money in his bag as possible, and put as many bundles as he could fit in every pocket of his clothes.

In the end, the money still filled more than half of the safe.

No matter how much he could control his emotions, he couldn't help but be greedy.

After a moment's sigh, Seok-min picked up the burning file folder and put it in the safe.

He didn't want the rest of the money to fall into the hands of those screaming outside.

After checking that the fire was spreading quickly, he left the president's office.

Perhaps because of the weight of the money, the bottom of the bag was drooping and took on a round shape, and Seok-min's shoulder, one which he was wearing the bag strap, was also drooping.

The hallway was still full of people who couldn't get out properly, and Seok-min easily mixed into them and came up to the first basement floor, sneaked into the ammunition shed, opened the door, and came out.

As soon as he opened the door and came in, the loud alarm began to sound as he had expected. Shortly after turning off the alarm, he put a bomb on a box full of ammunition.

‘That's a lot.’

There was more ammunition than he thought. He had to look up to see how much had been piled up.

Other than that, there were many barrels of gunpowder that had not yet been put in the shell.

It was not known how much gunpowder was in the box, but from the barrels piled here, if an explosion occurred, it was obvious that the entire area would be destroyed by the explosion.

He set the timer for 20 minutes and put his jacket on top. Then he hid the gun in the backpack.

"Where's the boss?"

"I don't know, he must have left first. Let's just leave."

Voices of believers were heard behind Seok-min.

As time passed, the voices became calm, but everyone was coughing because of the smoke coming out.

The person talking about the boss seemed to be resentful.

‘They didn't find the body?'

He was going to drag it out for a while, but it seemed like they were more naive than he thought.

Seok-min stood behind the last procession of the group leaving the building.

Everyone seemed to be in a hurry to go out at the sound of the fire alarm that rang loudly throughout the building, so they did not seem to care about the bloodstains on the lobby and floor where the lights were turned off because of Seok-min.

Now if he went outside and disappeared, it'll most probably work.

The mission would be successful.

However, not everything went his way.

As soon as Seok-min came out, what he encountered were the sirens and lights of police cars and fire engines.

‘What? They’re too early, aren't they?’

Seok-min's face crumpled as he saw them earlier than he expected.

It took less than a minute to get out of the building.

Even considering that there are police stations nearby and police patrols are frequent, he didn't expect them to be dispatched this quickly.

Seok-min looked anxiously at the firefighters who threw the rolled-up fire hose forward.

There was only one person who looked at Seok-min with suspicious eyes.

Among the believers (factory workers) who just came out of the building, she was a lady with good eyesight and high sociability.

The lady, who usually remembered all the faces of nearly 100 believers and memorized their names, found Seok-min very unfamiliar among the believers and considered it suspicious.

With a face bordering on disgust, she glared at Seok-min.

‘It must be a bum or a beggar.’

While Seok-min was distracted by firefighters for a while, she approached the police, staring at Seok-min.

"Huh? What did you say? What? What? Where is he?"

Seok-min, awakened by those words, “naturally” came out of the crowd and tried to walk towards the downtown area.

"Hey, wait a minute!"

He heard something, but it was hard to hear because of the sirens, the murmur of people, and all kinds of noise around.

"Stop! A man dressed in black and wearing jeans and a bag! Stop!"

As the sound of rough footsteps came closer and closer from behind, Seok-min began to run.

He ran toward the alley in the downtown area.

The heavy bag shook and hit his back with negligible force.

Gunfire rang in the back and a sharp sound passed over Seok-min's head.

‘You shoot too easily!’

It was live ammunition from the beginning.

The large gunfire clearly indicated a revolver pistol.

Screaming erupted everywhere when the gunfire sounded, and the eyes of police officers who controlled the surrounding people and firefighters who were moving to extinguish the fire were also focused on the place where the gunfire was heard.

In nervousness, Seok-min leaned down unconsciously, pulled out a pistol and shot at the police officer chasing him.

The police hat was hit by the bullet and the hat bounced back, while the police officer, surprised by this, lost the strength in his legs and crawled to hide.

‘Damn it, I made a mistake.’

Seok-min put his pistol back in the holster.

"He has a weapon!"

The policeman who was hiding issued a warning to other officers following them, and fired three more shots in a row at the back of Seok-min, who was still running away.

However, the policeman's shooting skills were not very good, so the bullets only got stuck around Seok-min or bounced off the floor.

The distance between the officers and Seok-min widened in an instant.

"Why is he so fast?”

When they saw Seok-min moving away in an instant, the officers stuck out their tongues.

At that moment, black smoke rose along with the explosion.

At the same time, the firefighters, who were fleeing from the constant blast of gunfire, were unintentionally saved.

Firefighters and police officers who saw the smoke rising at a frightening speed began to shout.

"Everyone back off!"

"You have to step back!"

Moments later, a huge firework and explosion broke out through the windows.

The impact of the explosion shook the building, the exterior materials fell off, and the windows of the building were smashed.

The lights of the whole building were flickering and then turned off, while screams were heard everywhere.

Still, it was not a huge explosion that could collapse the building or crack the load-bearing column.

The flames quickly died down as if the flames hadn’t even been raging, but the fire spread to nearby houses, and the firefighters had to move again.

Seok-min's mission has been completed.

If only he had run away properly.


***


Seok-min exited the alley very quickly, opened the emergency door behind the residential and commercial building, and entered.

Because it was a commercial building, there was a place where the door was always open, and there was no CCTV in the lobby and passageway on the first floor, so he was planning to go to Pangyo Station via this place.

As he closed the emergency door, he heard a whistle behind him.

The officers didn't see him when he came this way, but he thought some people in the alley could have seen him.

He went into the bathroom on the first floor, took off his jacket, changed into rider pants, opened the water tank cover of the toilet, and put the blue cap he was wearing inside.

***

Want to know what happened next? Consider visiting our ko-fi shop for advanced chapters~! Also, I'll post 1 chap in 24hrs for every 6$!!! ( •̀ ω •́ )✧
https://ko-fi.com/homia